# Robot-Learning-GAIL-using-Unity-ML-agents
This is a work in progress project related to a training of a robotic arm, more rigorously described in the paper "DeepCraft: Co-intelligent architecture and human & AI-driven craftsmanship in design-to-production pipelines". The working paper investigates the potential of artificial intelligence technologies (AI), namely the Generative Adversarial Imitation Learning (GAIL) implemented in a process of digital robotic fabrication prospectively to be used in craftsmanship.  The method introduced is based on a preliminary demonstration provided digitally in an abstract tool path generated by a human-driven movement in a hand gesture translated into a digital space in a real-time process. The investigation presented in this paper focuses on a preliminary computational digital framework which may serve as a base for further investigation. At this stage of the setup and codes, the framework encompasses human hand recognition creating a toolpath for a robot, which learns its principles and tries to interpret the process in a digital space. This learned toolpath resulted in a digital brain being applied again in a different shape of the human-created toolpath or gesture movement. The paper also presents the computational system of the realtime navigation of the robot based on a human gesture in a virtual space. The learned knowledge by a robot is observed in a digital environment before any physical applications.

The content of this repository contains a framework presented in the above mentioned paper, with all relevant references. The paper will be added soon, once it is presented in the Digital Futures Conference at the Tongji University in Shanghai. 
